Welcome back my students I hope you're having fun with this course.
I'm having a really really hell of a fun time with you guys says you know you give me the opportunity
to teach you this and when and when I say you guys I mean ladies too I know ladies are also taking the
course.
All right.
So bless you ladies are wonderful sense.
They're more wonderful when they are in technology right.
Since they.
I mean to see a lady in technology is really awesome.
I like it.
So let's go ahead and write our next function here.
When it's not working right any function actually we did write some predefined functions here but it's
actually a piece of code right.
With some functions inside.
That's all we're going to be doing.
So let's get creative.
Wow real quick.
So in the last one we just created this statement here making sure that search was not empty making
sure the query was not what it was successful with selecting everything from the database as related
to this search starting with the first word.
All right so now here let's put everything from our database and actually not everything just feel that
we need just a column that we need right.
So let's use this while loop here.
And again if you don't know is if it looks confusing you should not look confusing because you should
know BHB and ask you well but if it looks confusing.
Make sure you check all my BHB course BHB for beginners.
So BHB array we are going to send this free set right here.
All right so now that we have that when we get it back here some way grow.
Let's just name it rule everybody does name and roll right.
Well it's it makes sense right zero.
And what we want to get out of that is from the column cars and not also named cars here.
I think that's a good name for it.
Cars or maybe we should call it brand actually.
Why not.
Brand.
There we go.
All right.
What I really want to do on this one is I want to get out of BHB and when I create a new order list
ordered list there we go.
Perfect.
Now we're going to come back to the HP again here because I love HP.
How am I going to leave HP by myself.
So now.
All right.
Perfect.
So make sure that you're so close right here right.
And then you bring it down here again.
Want to make sure we get this little tag right here.
We don't want to leave him by himself.
Right.
All right.
So I think we're good here.
And we have the they're in there.
All right.
Just making sure everything works fine.
So let's create a echo here.
Actually we should give our listen.
Let's just do the egg roll here first.
So let's echo a list item here.
If I can get this right that would be nice right.
And let's use a core brand right here
we go
and I'm just going to say in stock
perfect as good right what do you think.
Yeah yeah I agree with you.
Seriously let's go and check it out.
I think this is a time that we need to be applauding.
There we go.
We find all the be in double digits by typing the word b.
Isn't that nice.
So BMW.
Three twenty five only the results we won into our database.
Now we have these little dots.
We're going to take that off in a minute.
But so you can see that this is actually working.
We bring all the handles in and if I take Honda Civic There we go.
Or C C or V like that.
Perfect.
Isn't that awesome.
We're getting all these data from the database means testing interstate instantaneously.
There we go without actually refreshing the page.
You imagine the power that we got right now.
Do you imagine that.
Right.
I would just search for Belinda.
I don't know who Belinda is.
I don't know that name was just stuck in my head.
But anyway did you see the power in this.
You have a database with thousands of records and you can instantly bring any record you one out to
see it in a box.
Interesting ink instance dangerously.
Jesus I have such a bad language for that word.
I going to have to practice.
But anyway I think we did pretty good in here.
All right let's go ahead and install this really quick because I don't like to see those dots there.
Do you like to see those dots.
I don't think so.
So let's just make sure that we take those dots away and the reason why that's looking like this is
because we have a test center class right here that's making everything Center show you right now real
quick down here we have the test center here.
We take it off and then we go back to refresh and then B you see now everything here like this.
If you want it like that that's fine.
All right.
And now here while we are going to be doing is using some of those magic glasses here and I'm just going
to call this this is a predefined clouds by the way by the framework bootstrap on styled and that is
going to make everything Fredy be.
There we go.
Now we just have this onoda list on style there.
So if you want it on the center in here just put that test center there.
But as you can see here we are done.
All right.
We are done with our application.
You can do whatever you want in your database.
You can go back insert another dear friend row if you want and you can call this maybe Friday that's
a nice car isn't it.
I love Fridays.
Hopefully one day I will have a Friday right.
Why would I pay $100000 for a car.
I don't know even if I think even if I have 100 billion dollars I don't think I ever do that.
Yes.
I don't know.
It doesn't make sense but.
Yeah.
A hundred thousand.
I don't know.
Maybe maybe 50000 or something I don't know how to be.
I have to do a lot of things for poor people in the world first.
So be.
All right so we have a variety there we can type of be any fines of Ferrari you see that.
And I think we have a Lamborghini and we find the Lamborghini with the L.
Isn't that great.
Perfect.
So as you can see here we meet up location work and I mean you can implement this thing any size you
want.
And I mean you have that's working for you.
What more can you ask.
And you can also look up age that's a little bit more and see all the parameters that you can pass through.
But you know the possibilities are endless.
Anyway thank you so much for watching this.
And I think we still have one or two more lectures below.
Just maybe give me just some tips on what to do next or something else.
All right.
But if not I see you.
Take care.
Thank you for being here.
It was a pleasure.
And have a blessed day.